.github/contributing.md, before:

# Contributing to Smart Notes website

👍🎉 Thanks for taking the time to contribute! 🎉👍

The following is a set of guidelines for contributing to the Electron website on GitHub. These are just guidelines, not rules, so use your best judgment and feel free to propose changes to this document in a pull request.

## Summary

- [Code of Conducts](#code-of-conducts)
- [Issue and Pull Requests](#issue-and-pull-requests)
- [Commit messages](#commit-messages)

## Code of conducts

This project adheres to the Contributor Covenant code of conduct. By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. Please report unacceptable behavior to [@yesnoruly](https://t.me/yesnoruly).

## Issue and Pull Requests

- If you're not sure about adding something, [open an issue](https://github.com/iTflatApps/SmartNotes/issues/new/choose) to discuss it.
- Feel free to open a Pull Request early so that a discussion can be had as changes are developed.
- Include screenshots and animated gifs of your changes whenever possible.
- **DON'T** surprise us with big pull requests. Instead, file an issue and start a discussion so we can agree on a direction before you invest a large amount of time. surprise us with big pull requests. Instead, file an issue and start a discussion so we can agree on a direction before you invest a large amount of time.

## Commit messages

We use the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org) specification to standardize our commit history. <br> The commit message summary (or pull request title) is constructed by prepending the type of change being made (e.g., *feat*, *fix*, *refactor*), followed by an imperative, present tense sentence (without a period). Example: `fix: make header bold`

> Types other than *fix:* and *feat:* are allowed

## Deployment

[This website](https://itflatapps.github.io/SmartNotes/) was hosted on [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/).

### Deployment process

Using Github Actions,a the build is automatically deployed to the `gh-pages` branch (view [deploy.yml](https://github.com/iTflatApps/SmartNotes/blob/main/.github/workflows/deploy.yml))

Commit message:

docs(contributing): add the setup project item

.github/contributing.md, after:

# Contributing to Smart Notes website

👍🎉 Thanks for taking the time to contribute! 🎉👍

The following is a set of guidelines for contributing to the Electron website on GitHub. These are just guidelines, not rules, so use your best judgment and feel free to propose changes to this document in a pull request.

## Summary

- [Code of conducts](#code-of-conducts)
- [Issue and Pull Requests](#issue-and-pull-requests)
- [Commit messages](#commit-messages)
- [Setup project](#setup-project)
- [Deployment](#deployment)

## Code of conducts

This project adheres to the Contributor Covenant code of conduct. By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. Please report unacceptable behavior to [@yesnoruly](https://t.me/yesnoruly).

## Issue and Pull Requests

- If you're not sure about adding something, [open an issue](https://github.com/iTflatApps/SmartNotes/issues/new/choose) to discuss it.
- Feel free to open a Pull Request early so that a discussion can be had as changes are developed.
- Include screenshots and animated gifs of your changes whenever possible.
- **DON'T** surprise us with big pull requests. Instead, file an issue and start a discussion so we can agree on a direction before you invest a large amount of time. surprise us with big pull requests. Instead, file an issue and start a discussion so we can agree on a direction before you invest a large amount of time.

## Commit messages

We use the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org) specification to standardize our commit history. <br> The commit message summary (or pull request title) is constructed by prepending the type of change being made (e.g., *feat*, *fix*, *refactor*), followed by an imperative, present tense sentence (without a period). Example: `fix: make header bold`

> Types other than *fix:* and *feat:* are allowed.

## Setup project

1. Create your own issue or visit the [Issue tracker](https://github.com/iTflatApps/SmartNotes/issues) to find a list of open issues that need attention.
2. Fork
3. Clone the forked repo: <br> `git clone https://github.com/your-username/effector.git`

## Deployment

[This website](https://itflatapps.github.io/SmartNotes/) was hosted on [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/).

### Deployment process

Using Github Actions,a the build is automatically deployed to the `gh-pages` branch (view [deploy.yml](https://github.com/iTflatApps/SmartNotes/blob/main/.github/workflows/deploy.yml))
